Welcome to work Book 5.1.
By this point, you learn about two different ways to configure beans.
The easiest way to do it is to just annotate your classes with component or component derivative annotations,
and as soon as you run your app it will perform a component scan.
It's going to create objects out of these classes and store these objects inside of the spring container.
There they are going to live as beans and then you can use auto wire to inject these beans into your
variables as needed.
And so this prevents tight coupling because now great service instead of creating its own dependency,
what it's doing is it's using an object that already lives inside of the spring container.
It's using a bean.
And the second way that you learn to configure beans was to register them as bean definitions inside
of an app config file.
But this app config was configured to scan for beans inside of an XML file, and that's what we will
be doing in Workbook 5.1.
That being said, in the olden days it was only possible to configure beans using XML and you might
think, hey, XML is really, really gross.
I don't want to use it and I agree with you, but I had to use XML in the past and now so will you.
I'm just kidding.
That's not the reason why I'm teaching it.
The reason why I'm teaching it is because you never know what code base you'll be working on and how
they configure their beans.
So it's good to be versatile and have as many tools under your belt as possible.
So the first step is to create an app config that XML file inside of source slash main slash resources.
Let's do just that app config XML.
And here is where we're going to configure our beans.
Let's just copy the XML frame, learn the part.
And the template is usually always the same.
You've got your bing ID.
I'm going to call this one great repository.
And I will call this one great service.
The path to the bean is specified as follows.
I start from the group ID.
So come dot ltb in this case dot great submission your artifact.
And then our grade repo is inside of repository.
Then we'll say dot grade repository.
And then here we'll say the path is almost the same.
Let's just copy it.
Com lip service down to great service.
All right.
And that's pretty much it.
Before you run your code, make sure to remove the component annotations.
We're already creating the beans inside of app config.
We don't want to create them again.
And actually I think it would throw an error anyways, so make sure to remove it.
I'll spin up a new terminal and make sure that everything works as it should.
So what's ultimately happening is app config is looking inside of our opti XML file for beans.
And so what it will do is it will create a bean for greater repository and it will create a bean for
great service.
And then in auto wired, we are injecting these beans as needed.
All right.
So let's go ahead and just test the app, make sure everything works as it should.
We're off to a very good start.
We'll say, Harry, a minus potions update as grade should be a C minus.
All right.
Then we'll see her mini a plus.
We'll just test everything before we move on.
Looking good.
So this was another way that you can configure beans in spring boot.
You looked at three ways using component annotations, registering them as being definitions directly
inside of your app config file.
Or you can connect your app config to an app config XML and configure your beans here.
Personally, I prefer the path of least resistance, which is to just use your component annotations.
All right.
That's all for Workbook 5.1.
I hope you enjoyed it and I will see you in the next one.